2023-8-28 (mon)
I'm not sure about MSSM. I can probably get good grades in all the classes, but at the cost of most of my free time and sleep.
I do recognise this is a great opportunity with dual-enrollment UMaine classes and such, but I don't want to sit on my butt and do school stuff most of the day.
Pretty much my whole day during the week is dictated by my schedule with some ~30 min breaks which is not enough.
Today at Structured Study (SS), which is a 2-hour study hall after dinner, I spent the whole time stuck on English and Spanish homework. This is the Math & Science school!
It's like they expect us to surely be good at everything if we were able to be accepted, but I'm struggling in the most basic English/Composition class
and Spanish 2 is difficult.
Tis isn't my first time trying a school, thinking it will go great, but it gets old (MCST). I'm reminded of this comic (https://xkcd.com/1768/).

Today there was a short all-school meeting where our executive directer (Constantine) basically said he wanted to build a strong community.
He also acknoledged that A student went home this weekend and that he didn't want rumors flying around.
~A week ago I saw the message they posted on the school Discord that they were going home. It wasn't because of the school or anyone here, just they didn't want to be away from home.


I do like some classes (Physics, Calculus, & Web Developement). The first 2 are also offered at CHRHS, which also has 2 AP comp sci classes while MSSM has none.
I've been running on the XC team, but if I do stay here I'll probably quit because my feet already hurt after not even 2 weeks of practice.
The staff have allowed me to ride so far (longest one 20 miles).

However some pros are:
The student:teacher ratio is (advertised) 7:1, I'm living at school so no 30 min drive each way, They do allow me to go on rides although theres not time to get decent training in.

2023-9-3 (sun)
I didn't get ANY excersize today. I was gonna go on a ride and maybe do some intervals over at Loring where its flat, then I remembered I have a bunch of (41) math problems to work on.
I've been working on the problem set most of my free time today (after dish duty which ends at 1 PM).
I'm finding it hard to concentrate, even on things I normally like, such as programming or math. Probably because of lack of sleep/excersize.
There is a mandatory dorm meeting tonight at 9:30! like do people here just not sleep much?

2024-3-27 (wed)
I just found the shell file I left on the server to edit this file, I had run `ls` to find something else and found it.
Anyway, I just spent almost 2 hours to write 2 sentences for a comp SA.
